doc-2857: namespace page (#10954)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/launchpad-for-vms/infrastructure/infrastructure.md

---
sidebar_label: "Infrastructure"
title: "Infrastructure"
description:
  "Manage the namespaces, storage, and networking that back virtual machines on the Launchpad for VMs appliance."
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 4
tags: ["vmo", "vm launchpad appliance", "infrastructure", "namespaces", "storage", "networking"]
---

> <!-- vale off -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Removing per our discussion

> The **Infrastructure** section allows users to manage the foundational platform resources that virtual machines depend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Infrastructure** section of Virtual Machine Orchestrator (VMO) to manage the foundational platform resources that VMs depend
```

on, such as the namespaces VMs run in, the storage that backs their disks, and the networks they attach to. Launchpad

> for VMs surfaces these Kubernetes constructs through dedicated UI workflows, while preserving direct access to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on, such as the namespaces VMs run in, the storage that backs their disks, and the networks they attach to. VMO surfaces these Kubernetes constructs through dedicated UI workflows, while preserving direct access to the
```

Should we say VMO instead since that's the app they're using now? In my dementia-ridden mind, the launchpad = appliance; VMO is one of the applications they can run from the appliance (like VMMA).

Reviewer: ^ Changed to VMO per our discussion
